{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;\red156\green155\blue176;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c67451\c67451\c74510;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The statement "1 + 1 = 2" is a fundamental principle in mathematics, representing the simplest form of addition. This equation is based on the concept of number theory and the basic rules of arithmetic. In essence, it states that when you combine one unit with another unit, you end up with two units in total. This principle is foundational in mathematics and is used as a basic building block for more complex mathematical concepts and operations. The validity of this equation is taken as an axiom or a self-evident truth in the field of arithmetic, which forms the basis for more advanced mathematical reasoning and problem-solving.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Based on the given statements:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 All cats are animals.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Some animals can run.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We can conclude that all cats, being animals, have the potential to run. This conclusion is drawn from the general characteristic of animals (which includes cats) to have the ability to run. However, it's important to note that this is a generalization and in reality, there might be specific cases where a cat cannot run due to health, age, or other factors. But as per the logical structure of the statements, the conclusion that all cats can run is valid.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 The word "run" in its verb form alone has 645 distinct meanings in the English language. This vast number of definitions makes it one of the most complex and versatile words in the English dictionary. The meanings of "run" cover a wide range of actions, situations, and contexts, demonstrating the rich and varied nature of the English language.\
\
The statement "1 + 1 = 2" is a fundamental principle in mathematics, representing the simplest form of addition. This equation is based on the concept of number theory and the basic rules of arithmetic. In essence, it states that when you combine one unit with another unit, you end up with two units in total. This principle is foundational in mathematics and is used as a basic building block for more complex mathematical concepts and operations. The validity of this equation is taken as an axiom or a self-evident truth in the field of arithmetic, which forms the basis for more advanced mathematical reasoning and problem-solving.\
\
The Best Picture winner at the 2023 Oscars was "Everything Everywhere All at Once," a sci-fi comedy film starring Michelle Yeoh and Ke Huy Quan\uc0\u8203 
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec4 \
}